hi my name's Edgar I'm from Hong Kong
and I currently work in California and
Netflix previously I worked at docker as
well so my focus is on containerized
work clothes engineering tools and
infrastructure at Netflix the project
I'm working on is actually distributing
container layers through ipfs we run a
lot of containers at Netflix as much as
three million containers per week so you
know innovating container distribution
that's pretty important the reason why I
think ipfs has a potential to change how
private infrastructure can operate is
because in traditional architectures for
distribution you have a server and
client and you would scale at the
server's sort of horizontally put a low
bouncer in top and maybe cache it with a
memory databases and then once you need
the traffic to go to cross region areas
you might want to mirror the content to
different regions all this comes at
exceeding cost and complexity ipfs can
operate as a CDN because we can actually
a couple the definition of what we want
from how we get it so using IP FS
instead of getting the same data from
across the world you get it from your
neighbor instead another useful aspect
that IPS gives is the ability to chunk
content into various blocks and the way
you do it can really depend on the data
for example if we are splitting up
container layer if we do it on the foul
boundaries there's a greater chance of
deduplication between the files if we
have greater to duplicating between
files it means that not only do you have
reduced storage requirements the amount
of network traffic you need to get the
remaining data assuming you have the
duplicated container layers already will
be much lower so overall your throughput
for container distribution is going to
be much higher even sort of beyond that
we can actually decouple the the
metadata for a file system from the
actual content of the files so we can
actually mount a fuse system that uses a
manifest file system metadata serialize
and do some short form content and then
by distributing that we can surface a
lazy file system that you can walk in
traverse around without actually
downloading any of the file contents and
then on demand as the container executes
and you require certain executables and
files that you need to read they are
downloaded on the man through the same
Peter pure interface that ipfs provides
so there's a paper called slacker that
surveyed about 57 different
containerized applications and they
found that only about 6% of the data is
actually read so that means for a 10
gigabyte image for example we'll only
need about 60 megabytes to actually
execute the container I think one of the
most interesting characteristics RIFs is
that is able to operate through many
different transports what that means for
your everyday user is that you don't
have to use the internet in order to
access content from the ipfs network you
could be accessing content from your
neighbor through bluetooth through
infrared or any other kind of transport
the Internet is one way in order to
access the Internet access the content
that you want but that's not the only
and on top of that the components that
ipfs is built out made it incredibly
easy to find others that have the
content you are looking for through all
the means of transport that is available
to you so you could be looking on
Bluetooth Wi-Fi and the greater Internet
at the same time this makes it much more
efficient to distribute content
as well as much more faster to download
all your content I think for video
transfer in particular Netflix has his
own sort of super hyper optimized
infrastructure so the use cases I
imagining for ipfs and Netflix is more
catered towards distributing software
that powers Netflix rather than the
video transfer itself we have actually
these things called open Connect which
is hardware that we install where your
internet providers are providing you
Internet Netflix is providing you the
video content so I think that's
particular niche is not going to be
fulfilled by a VMs I already sort of
envision a future where sort of
BitTorrent or even Peter pure protocols
can share built caches such that if I
start building my project in the cloud
and I'm up to 50 percent and a colleague
wants to join in and compile the same
project they should jump straight to 50
percent assuming they're building on the
same git repository and on the same git
commit so this problem seems like it
should be theoretically possible just
sort of four years like four years ago
the protocols for Peter pure
connectivity wasn't as their market eyes
it is today with ipfs so I I believe
that what docker has done to the next
name namespacing features is what ipfs
has done for peer-to-peer networks has
brought it to even the non-technical
users and as well as everyday
application developers